fix: adding csi link and correct some words used to clarify access mode. (#18745)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

Claims will remain unbound indefinitely if a matching volume does not exist. Claims will be bound as matching volumes become available. For example, a cluster provisioned with many 50Gi PVs would not match a PVC requesting 100Gi. The PVC can be bound when a 100Gi PV is added to the cluster.

### Mounting and Using {#using}

> Pods use claims as volumes. The cluster inspects the claim to find a matching PersistentVolume for the Pod, and to check that the Pod is entitled to use it. If the claim is valid and the storage is available, the kubelet sets up storage access so that the PersistentVolume is available to containers in the Pod (either as mounted storage or as a block device). The PersistentVolumeClaim also defines whether the kubelet should mount the volume read-only or read-write.

Reviewer: I think this part "find the bound volume and mounts that volume for a Pod" should still be mentioned.

Reviewer: CC @msau42

Reviewer 2: Hello @Colstuwjx .
Are you able to add back the original sentence or is there a question about `the Pod is entitled to use it`?
Ping @msau42 , Would you have time to review the changes? Thank you.

Claims will remain unbound indefinitely if a matching volume does not exist. Claims will be bound as matching volumes become available. For example, a cluster provisioned with many 50Gi PVs would not match a PVC requesting 100Gi. The PVC can be bound when a 100Gi PV is added to the cluster.

> ### Mounting and Using

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
### Mounting and Using {#using}
```

will preserve links to this page fragment.

> Pods use claims as volumes. The cluster inspects the claim to find the bound volume and mounts that volume for a Pod. Once the pvc which bound with pv has been used by pods, it will do actually volume mount on node. For volumes that support multiple access modes, the user specifies which mode is desired when using their claim as a volume in a Pod.

Reviewer 3: @Colstuwjx this new wording doesn't seem to be idiomatic English. Can you revise it?

Author: Em.. I'm not native speaker, could you please give me some suggest changes?

Reviewer 3: How about:
```suggestion
Pods use claims as volumes. The cluster inspects the claim to find a matching PersistentVolume for the Pod, and to check that the Pod is entitled to use it. If the claim is valid and the storage is available, the kubelet sets up storage access so that the PersistentVolume is available to containers in the Pod (either as mounted storage or as a block device). The PersistentVolumeClaim also defines whether the kubelet should mount the volume read-only or read-write.
```
```

* ROX - ReadOnlyMany
* RWX - ReadWriteMany

> > __Important!__ A volume can only be mounted using one access mode at a time, even if it supports many.  For example, a GCEPersistentDisk can be mounted as ReadWriteOnce by a single node or ReadOnlyMany by many nodes, but not at the same time. Besides, it will be limited once a volume has been mounted on a single node with `ReadWriteOnce`, and pod which using this volume will be [checked](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling/kube-scheduler/#filtering) whether it fit the volume mount in scheduling stage.

Reviewer 3: If you're rewriting this, consider using a `{{< caution >}}` shortcode.

Author: Okay, I'll have a try.

* ROX - ReadOnlyMany
* RWX - ReadWriteMany

{{< caution >}}

> A volume can only be mounted using one access mode at a time, even if it supports many.  For example, a GCEPersistentDisk can be mounted as ReadWriteOnce by a single node or ReadOnlyMany by many nodes, but not at the same time. Besides, it will be limited once a volume has been mounted on a single node with `ReadWriteOnce`.

Reviewer 4: > Besides, it will be limited once a volume has been mounted on a single node with `ReadWriteOnce`.

This sentence is hard to parse.

Author: Do you have suggestion about this?

Reviewer: I would suggest drop the last sentence "Besides, it will be limited once a volume has been mounted on a single node with `ReadWriteOnce`."

Reviewer 2: @Colstuwjx , The `caution` shortcode is a great addition. Would you remove the last sentence?
I am not sure if it is clear what is `limited`.

> A volume can only be mounted using one access mode at a time, even if it supports many.  For example, a GCEPersistentDisk can be mounted as ReadWriteOnce by a single node or ReadOnlyMany by many nodes, but not at the same time. Besides, it will be limited once a volume has been mounted on a single node with `ReadWriteOnce`, and pod which using this volume will be [checked](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling/kube-scheduler/#filtering) whether it fit the volume mount in scheduling stage.

Reviewer 3: nit: “whether it fit the volume mount in scheduling stage” doesn't seem like idiomatic English. I'm also not sure what meaning you want to convey here @Colstuwjx.

Author: Okay, I removed this line.
